hey guys welcome back to the channel and
today we're going to be doing a second
opening of ypsi bag this is September if
C glam bag I just received it earlier
this afternoon I got my tracking
information from Ipsy and my email on
September 8 and it has arrived here sep
tember 10 so two days shipping is really
awesome once again it was in my mailbox
just shoved in there so really cool
really quick delivery and I'm so far
really really pleased with the speed
that they're coming he was going to go
ahead and open this up right here like
that one was less sticky gross than the
last month this is what I'm seeing maybe
silver bag feels really nice to touch
you pull it a card first little bank up
there street style by if Z so down this
month it actually feels pretty heavy so
maybe I got a nail polish or something
in there I saw that there was a couple
of those possibly going out more alright
so this is the bag silver bag with
little silver studs along here a black
zipper and the black tipsy again
the stats are only on the one side it
looks like it's almost a cute little
clutch well open up and take our first
peek so everything is in here packed
standing up it looks like so this month
I didn't receive anything out of the day
all actually enjoy a c-clamp eggs that's
kind of nice first product Hikari
Cabernet lipstick
this looks like almost full sized
simple
I'm not really sure I've never heard of
this brand
next sample
okay so this is nourish organic
moisturizing cream face cleanser and
cucumber and watercress it looks like
this is aloe vera to cleanse skin
without drying irritating or causing
redness cucumber hydrates oozes and
punch skin and the watercress is rich in
antioxidants to protect skin from stress
and fatigue and this actually says that
one hundred percent natural
usda-certified organic
I'm actually pretty excited about that
this is a really good sample size if
that's what it is it's one whole piece
of fluid ounces or 30 milliliters open
this up and give it a smell oh and has a
safety seal now it doesn't actually have
that much of a smell now maybe this
doesn't have much of a smell just
because it is supposed to be organic
that they're not trying to add anything
unnatural so that's different but it's
kind of nice for a change next thing we
will pull out all right another
good-sized Mitchell and peach English
growers luxury hand cream
this one doesn't have the safety seal
this is blended with vitamin e shea
butter and English honey this nourishing
hand cream is very much essential oils
oils from the Mitchell estate I'll just
try a bit of that right now
feels fine right there together
hand cream I guess never actually heard
of this brand so it's nice to try next
item will pull out the sky be a
bombshell smooth criminal powder green
silica so maybe this is a nice finishing
powder I quite like the packaging
actually the name on the back
so it's just a nice loose powder which
is nice I've been looking forward to
getting a loose powder and haven't
actually bothered to get one yet so this
will be a good one to try just comes in
white the container itself is completely
plastic even though it looks like glass
here this part portion is hospital and
we're on our last item already let's see
what we have here Oh nail polish like I
expected this is pacifica 100% vegan
cruelty-free in the color doesn't have a
color red red wine there's the cute
packaging see if this one's easy to get
into
I've never heard of this brand either
but it's really cute as well see shelf
on that Dukes watch it back
see how one coat goes on
for one color this is pretty good
actually
I would definitely do another one it's
not a one coat only nail polish not many
are though but it's pretty nice color
it's quite rich and deep nice for fall
it's actually darker than it is peering
on the camera just cuz of my Lighting's
not that great it's more of how the
bottle showing up actually on my nail
because in person here these two look
the same we're on the camera the nail is
looking brighter so here's the quick
recap of what we got this month pocari
lipstick and Cabernet nourish organic
moisturizing clean cleanser Mitchell and
peach hand cream Pacifica in red red
wine nail polish and the be a bombshell
cosmetics smooth criminal powder
so with this month I'm actually quite
happy with what I got the sample sizing
is quite awesome i find i got these ones
are quite large i really like the nail
polish for fall i really like the
finishing powder and i'm quite happy
with the facial cleanser i think those
are my top three for this month the
lipstick sample is great but i tend to
not wear lipstick out that often and the
hand cream i'm not super happy fan of
the scent of it but it's a good travel
size so maybe i'll still end up using
that one thanks for watching guys be
sure to subscribe if you're interested
in any more of these unboxings i'll see
you next time